CCIP Guide - Send multiple messages in a single txn (#2052)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/content/ccip/tutorials/multiple-messages-single-transaction.mdx

     ```

     Replace `<your_messenger_contract_address_on_Arbitrum_Sepolia>` with the address of your _messenger_ contract on \_Arbitrum Sepolia

   - Call `registerMessage` again with the following tuple for _Ethereum Sepolia_:

     ```
     [16015286601757825753,"<your_messenger_contract_address_on_Ethereum_Sepolia>","Hello Ethereum Sepolia! This is Message 2"]
     ```

     Replace `<your_messenger_contract_address_on_Ethereum_Sepolia>` with the address of your _messenger_ contract on \_Ethereum Sepolia

1. When you are ready to send the registered messages, call the `dispatchMessages` function in the **Deployed Contracts** section of Remix. This will send all registered messages in a single transaction.

1. Retrieve the transaction hash and monitor the status of the messages on the [CCIP Explorer](https://ccip.chain.link/).

## Explanation

### Two methods for dispatching multiple messages in a single transaction

- Immediate dispatch (`dispatchMessagesDirect`): This method is ideal for users who want to send multiple messages within the same transaction quickly, and without storing them in the contract's state.

> - Registered dispatch (`registerMessage` and `dispatchMessages`): This method is suitable for use cases where messages need to be stored and sent later, possibly triggered by an external event or at a specific time (e.g., using [Chainlink Automation](/chainlink-automation)). It is useful for scheduling and automating message sending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Registered dispatch (`registerMessage` and `dispatchMessages`): This method is suitable for use cases where messages need to be stored and sent later, possibly triggered by an external event or at a specific time (for example, using [Chainlink Automation](/chainlink-automation)). It is useful for scheduling and automating message sending.
```
